Relese 1.20 performance test (#14228)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/deployment/performance-and-scalability/index.md

immediately. This process adds to the queue wait time of the next request and affects
average and tail latencies. The actual tail latency depends on the traffic pattern.

### Latency for Istio 1.20

Inside the mesh, a request traverses the client-side proxy and then the server-side

> proxy. In the default configuration of Istio {{< istio_release_name >}} (i.e. Istio with telemetry v2),

Reviewer: I think we want this to read the specific version and not the current release:
```suggestion
proxy. In the default configuration of Istio 1.20 (i.e. Istio with telemetry v2),
```

the two proxies add about 0.228 ms and 0.298 ms to the 90th and 99th percentile latency, respectively, over the baseline data plane latency.
We obtained these results using the [Istio benchmarks](https://github.com/istio/tools/tree/{{< source_branch_name >}}/perf/benchmark)
for the `http/1.1` protocol, with a 1 kB payload at 1000 requests per second using 2,4,8,16,32,64 client connections, 2 proxy workers and mutual TLS enabled.

> 

Reviewer: Can we add some documentation to the graphs or page to better differentiate the two graphs. I think a title would suffice. It's hard to tell just looking at the page that one is 90th percentile and one is 99th percentile without reading the test, etc. If you just look at the pictures, you see two with no titles, having the same horizontal and vertical axis, but different values. We should make it easier to understand the data just looking at the picture.

immediately. This process adds to the queue wait time of the next request and affects
average and tail latencies. The actual tail latency depends on the traffic pattern.

### Latency for Istio 1.20

Inside the mesh, a request traverses the client-side proxy and then the server-side
proxy. In the default configuration of Istio {{< istio_release_name >}} (i.e. Istio with telemetry v2),
the two proxies add about 0.228 ms and 0.298 ms to the 90th and 99th percentile latency, respectively, over the baseline data plane latency.
We obtained these results using the [Istio benchmarks](https://github.com/istio/tools/tree/{{< source_branch_name >}}/perf/benchmark)
for the `http/1.1` protocol, with a 1 kB payload at 1000 requests per second using 2,4,8,16,32,64 client connections, 2 proxy workers and mutual TLS enabled.

Note: Different hardware will give different values.

<br><img width="90%" style="display: block; margin: auto;"
    src="latency-p90-fortio-with-uniform.svg"
    alt="P90 latency vs client connections"
    caption="P90 latency vs client connections"
/>
<p><h2 style="text-align: center;"> P90 latency vs client connections </h2></p><br>

> 
> 

Reviewer: ./en/docs/ops/deployment/performance-and-scalability/index.md:120: MD012 Multiple consecutive blank lines

Further documentation is available for these failures:
 - MD012: https://github.com/markdownlint/markdownlint/blob/master/docs/RULES.md#md012---multiple-consecutive-blank-lines:
```suggestion

```

- [`fortio.org`](https://fortio.org/) - a constant throughput load testing tool.
- [`nighthawk`](https://github.com/envoyproxy/nighthawk) - a load testing tool based on Envoy.

> - [`isotope`](https://github.com/istio/tools/tree/{{< source_branch_name >}}/isotope) - a synthetic application with configurable topology.

Reviewer: Looks like it didn't like this change:
```
./en/docs/ops/deployment/performance-and-scalability/index.md:136: MD047 File should end with a single newline character

Further documentation is available for these failures:
 - MD047: https://github.com/markdownlint/markdownlint/blob/master/docs/RULES.md#md047---file-should-end-with-a-single-newline-character
```
